Fixed a bug in NDCubeSequence.cube_like_dimensions. (#788)
sunpy/ndcube: changelog/788.bugfix.rst

> Fixed a bug in `NDCubeSequence.cube_like_dimensions`.

Reviewer: This should be a little more descriptive.  For example:

```suggestion
Fixed a bug whereby `NDCubeSequence.cube_like_dimensions` to break.
```

> Fixed a bug which caused `NDCubeSequence.cube_like_dimensions` to break.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug which caused ``NDCubeSequence.cube_like_dimensions)` to break.
```
